From: bvz

Benjamin, you need to expand your group's white paper in a number of  
ways:

.1. I need to know what extensions, if any, you plan to make to the  Tiger
    language. You should show example programs that include these
    extensions.

.2. The appendix reads too much like a language manual. A white paper
    should be more "user-friendly". Instead of labeling section 2 as
    "Appendix", I would label it as something like "Summary of Features"
    and then provide an English language description of the features.

.3. You need to give a one or two line summary of what task is  performed
    by each function in the standard library, and what is the  meaning
    of the arguments. For example, in the substring function, I  assume
    "n" is the number of characters to extract, but I'm not sure.


.4. I am not very familiar with ML syntax and neither would be most
    readers. Hence, before presenting your examples, you need to walk a
    reader through small snippets of code and explain what they do. For
    example, while I can guess at what the let..in construct does,
    a  normal reader could not. Additionally, in the 8-queens problem,
    the  let and the in are so far separated that a reader unfamiliar
    with a  let..in construct would not know that the let and the in
    are related.  The type definition also needs to be explained, the
    {any : int} syntax  needs to be described, the list {...} syntax
    needs to be described, etc.

.5. The examples need to be commented and the problems they solve
    explained. Not everyone knows what is the 8 queens problem, and one
    really has to trace through the merge program before one knows what
    it's doing.

I would like to see a revision by Thursday, Feb. 24.

%%
From: bsummer4

	What extensions?

Me and Stephen both have large bags of features we'd like to add.
How optimistic should we be about what we can pull off?

	Appendix

This was mostly intended just to give an idea of how the language looks.
I was afraid that if I went into to much detail, the whole document would
devolve into a big tutorial.  I'd be happy to add one if that's what
you want.  Maybe there could be three sections: "The Tiger Language",
"Tutorial", and "Planned Extensions".

%%
From: bvz

Benjamin, what I would do with the extensions is prioritize them,  
because it is difficult to know in advance how many you will be able  
to get to. As far as the whitepaper organization, the sections are  
good, but instead of "Tutorial" I would like example, where you  
present your two examples. The tutorial you will write for the next  
assignment needs to be more detailed than the two examples you gave in  
your project. Also, even though you're just a three person group, I'd  
still like you to divvy up the roles amongst yourselves and see me the  
people assigned to each role.
